Emphasize more on the formats (#255)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/internationalization.mdx

## Converting Units, Currencies, and Formats

Units, currency, and formats are usually linked with a particular locale. However, there can be differences in usage even within a single locale. You should provide users with the option to change these values (if appropriate for your application) in their locale settings.

Some commonly influenced formats include:

> -   Phone number
> -   Names (given name first or last)
> -   Address (street name first or country name first)
> -   Date and time
> -   Numbers (comma vs. period)
> -   Punctuations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Phone number
-   Names (e.g., given name vs. surname order)
-   Address (e.g., street name first or country name first)
-   Date and time
-   Numbers (comma vs. period)
-   Punctuation
```
any examples of where punctuation differs? I know quotations are different, but was there something else you had in mind?

Author: Mostly for that quotation thing«»  but… there can be a lot of Asian things that differ from those Latin based languages

。、《》「」

## International Contacts

<ImageGrid images={[FormsImage]} caption={'Allow the users to put in an international phone number.'} regularWidth />

> Your users may register a new account or create a new contact for anyone around the globe. You should provide options for them to register with a local phone number.

Reviewer: I would skip this as a section on its own, particularly since phone number is an optional field for registration. I would just move the image to the previous section and give it a descriptive caption like "Consider your global audience when crafting forms — you may need to support multiple input formats such as for a phone number."

Author: Yeah! This is certainly better. I tried merging the two but couldn’t find a proper way. Thanks.
